Symbol	   Meaning
Peacock	- This  indicates success, often through a change in direction. However, do not allow this success to encourage your own pride and vanity.
Duck - This  indicates an enduring partnership, devotion and fidelity
Toad - Issues involving sickness and medicine. This indicates recovery from sickness. Be careful of over-extending yourself or over-ambition
Carp - Peace and contentment lead to a long life. Longevity is indicated
Lotus - This indicates a new life, a new vision, or a spiritual awakening. It may indicate a new baby. There is a need to begin life anew after troubles
Water - This indicates travel, especially short journeys, and correspondence (letters, emails etc)
Tortoise - Success comes through gradual process and through the process of learning. There may be issues of illegitimacy. A length of time is necessary for success to grow
Fungus - A surprise or an unexpected event will come into your life. Issues of virtue may be highlighted.
Willow - Diplomacy and tact are necessary right now. Strength is found through resilience and flexibility.
Pearl - This indicates luxury and wealth, honor and refinement. An older woman is important in your life
Pine - Firmness and strength bring success. But always choose diplomacy over outright aggression. Literary endeavors bring highlighted. This indicates an older woman or sometimes a young man.
Phoenix - This tile indicates happiness, joy and splendor. Good news is on its way.
Jade - Hard work brings results. Concentrate on lasting values and building and maintaining long friendships. Justice is done
Dragon - Good fortune, usually arriving in a sudden and unexpected way.
Peach - Fine arts. Aim for beauty in your life however be careful to avoid extravagance or indolence. A young lady is important in your life.
Insect - Industriousness. Craft, skill, manual work are indicated. Busy activity over a short time brings rewards, however these rewards may be short-term or temporary
Tiger - Issues to do with holding authority or dealing with the authorities. Issues with an older man. Bravery and assertiveness are necessary. Uniformed authorities. Superiors.
Unicorn - You have the ability to see ahead. You can keep ahead of your rivals by seeing through them
Open Door - New opportunities have arrived. Obstacles have been removed from your path
Sword - Although there is a balance at the moment, no progress can be made until a decision is made. A choice or a decision is necessary. This can also represent twins; people, animals, or anything else which comes in pairs.
Earth - Stability is indicated. Issues involving relocation, the land, the countryside or an estate.
Lute - This indicates a time of relaxation. Music, leisure and the performing arts.
House - This indicates issues regarding a house or a building. Real estate.
Fire - Be careful of loss or danger. This indicates burning up your resources, mentally, physically and financially. Intelligence and inspiration are also indicated.
Seven Stars - Your dreams, hopes, ambitions and imagination are important. Especially through writing and literature.
Knot - Tying or untying. The situation is in flux.
Heaven - This is the end of a cycle. Achievement and fulfillment. Soon a new cycle will begin. Spiritual matters. A ceremony.
East - Matters having to do with the Self. There are new beginnings indicated by this symbol. The East Wind is associated with spring, the color green, the dragon constellation and the element Wood.
South - Good fortune, growth and progress are indicated. The South Wind is associated with summer, the color red, the phoenix constellation  and the element Fire.
West - Matters having to do with your goals and objectives, or with your partner. The West Wind is associated with autumn, the color white, the tiger constellation  and the element Metal.
North - You are facing difficulties, and lack what you need at the moment. You need to be patient. The North Wind is associated with winter, the color black, the tortoise constellation and the element Water.
Red Dragong - Success, and the achievement of your ambitions. The arrow strikes the target.
Green Dragon - Proceed, start, or begin now. Go ahead and don't delay. The arrow is about to be shot from the bow.
White Dragon - The mysterious unknown. Ghosts, whether haunting thoughts, memories, or actual ghosts, may be an issue now. Documents may be important for some reason. Divine Intervention.
Plum Blossoms - Renewed vitality and new luck. Innocence and inexperience are an asset in this situation, not a liability. Associated with the East Wind and Spring.
Orchid - Aim for refinement, and the rare, and precious. Associated with the South Wind and Summer.
Chrysanthemum - Pleasure, social activities, leisure and entertainment to come. Associated with the West Wind and Autumn.
Bamboo - This heralds a time for research, planning, writing, learning, or scholarship. Associated with the North Wind and Winter
Spring/Fisherman - Strive for common sense, good management skills, and good working relationships in order to achieve success. Also associated with the East Wind, the color green, the element wood, and the Plum Blossom flower.
Summer/Woodcutter - Activity brings success. Only effort brings reward. Put your back into it. Also associated with the South Wind, the color red, the element fire and the Orchid flower.
Autumn /Farmer - Physical and arduous labor are needed in order to achieve success in this matter, but that hard labor will bring many rewards. Also associated with the West Wind, the color white, the element metal and the Chrysanthemum flower.
Winter/Scholar - You need to be cautious and conserve your resources right now. This is a time to turn your attention to paperwork, whether it is personal creative work or administrative matters. Also associated with the North Wind, the color black, the element water and the Bamboo flower.